---
published: true
title: Learn to code, dude.
layout: post
---
For years now I have been playing with the idea of learning a programming language and becoming more knowledgeable about software development. I’ve always been intrigued with programming and I really viewed it like it was a craft - something that with practice - I could hone and improve upon and build something of my own. I could have an idea for a program or app and actually execute on that idea. And honestly, beyond advancing my career or any ideas of entrepreneurship, it would serve as a great platform for me to flex my own creativity.

In February 2015, I knew the internal debate I was having with myself was settled. I needed to scratch this itch and learn how to code so I signed up for an online dev camp from Bloc.io and I chose their iOS development track. Up until this time, my career had been in account management roles at companies in the ad-tech industry. The client accounts that I managed had always been publishers - small independent ones to large media companies - and in my current role my client focus was mostly with publishers of mobile applications. So when I signed up for my programming course, I knew that for me to feel passionate about coding (at least in the beginning) it would have to be with iOS. Learning iOS just seemed very inline with my current career and as a personal owner/user of an iPhone, I felt absolutely compelled to learn to program for a device and platform that I use constantly each and every day. 

As of writing this post, it’s been roughly 8 ½  months since I first began learning iOS development and I’m nearly about to officially graduate from my Bloc.io dev course. In that amount of time I’ve dedicated many hours to learning Xcode, the fundamentals of the Objective-C language and its programming design patterns. It’s been both a tremendous amount of fun and incredibly frustrating at the same time. But I’ve learned there’s no greater relief than finding a solution to a particular programming concept or error within your own code. That “ah-ha!” moment is an incredible feeling and I’m ready for many, many more of them. Because of the minor successes that I’ve had so far in my studies, I really enjoy programming now and I’m prepared to call iOS mobile development my craft. For me this means I’m going to dedicate even more of time to build upon what I’ve already learned and in doing so create app projects that I want to pursue and publish in the years to come. I hope this personal site will serve as a solid resource for me to share more about my learnings and my future projects.

Cheers,
Casey